Add doc for NavigationLayers and area access (#6051)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/navigation/navigation_different_actor_area_access.rst

.. _doc_navigation_different_actor_area_access:

Support different actor area access
===================================

.. image:: img/nav_actor_doors.png

A typical example for different area access in gameplay are doors that connect rooms 

> with different navigationmesh and are not accessible by all actors all the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with different navigation meshs and are not accessible by all actors all the time.
```
